README.md, before:

# Project Setup
1) Installed Tailwind Css
2) Installed DaisyUI
3) Installed React Router
4) Installed GSAP
5) Used ScrollTrigger from GSAP to modify the scroll behaviour
6) Used ScrollSmoother from GSAP to ensure smooth scroll throughout the page





# Project Plan
## Pages
1) Landing
2) Portfolio
   a) Project Page
3) About Us
4) Contact Us
5) Privacy Policy
6) Terms of Service

## Features
1) Responsive Design
2) Landing Page
    Preview of all the sections > Button > Redirect to respective page
3) Portfolio Page
    Collection of all the albums > Each card clickable > Redirect to Project Page ( Dynamic Routing)
        Project Page
        Collection of all the items in the respective album
4) About Us
    All about Just Films
5) Contact Us
    Form to send message
6) Policy pages to list all the policies.

## HomePage structure and components
    Header > Logo + Navigation Links + Social Icons
    Hero Section > Image/Video preview with Text overlay and a Button to Contact Page
    USP section
    Portfolio Cards
    Stats for Satisfied Clients + No of Clients + Fast Delivery
    Footer

Commit message:

Added content to Hero and SubHero

README.md, after:

# Project Setup
1) Installed Tailwind Css
2) Installed DaisyUI
3) Installed React Router
4) Installed GSAP
5) Used ScrollTrigger from GSAP to modify the scroll behaviour
6) Added image to Hero section
7) Added content to Sub Hero Section
8) Templatized few sections of page i.e Section, Panel, IntroSlider





# Project Plan
## Pages
1) Landing
2) Portfolio
   a) Project Page
3) About Us
4) Contact Us
5) Privacy Policy
6) Terms of Service

## Features
1) Responsive Design
2) Landing Page
    Preview of all the sections > Button > Redirect to respective page
3) Portfolio Page
    Collection of all the albums > Each card clickable > Redirect to Project Page ( Dynamic Routing)
        Project Page
        Collection of all the items in the respective album
4) About Us
    All about Just Films
5) Contact Us
    Form to send message
6) Policy pages to list all the policies.

## HomePage structure and components
    Header > Logo + Navigation Links + Social Icons
    Hero Section > Image/Video preview with Text overlay and a Button to Contact Page
    USP section
    Portfolio Cards
    Stats for Satisfied Clients + No of Clients + Fast Delivery
    Footer
